Accepts broader range of valid IRIs in the `sub` claim (#578)
inrupt/solid-client-authn-js: CHANGELOG.md

### New features

### Bugfixes

> - Deriving the WebID from the ID token did not accept some valid IRIs in the subject claim, i.e. issued by a local instance of NSS.

Reviewer: To not assume familiarity with Solid-specific acronyms in release notes :)

```suggestion
- Deriving the WebID from the ID token did not accept some valid IRIs in the subject claim, i.e. issued by a local instance of Node Solid Server.
```
